# CGPR-rotatingCube
Computer Graphics project using openGL in C

TO INSTALL OPENGL IN UBUNTU

sudo apt-get install mesa-utils

Needs OpenGL graphics libraries

  Info about some functions used in the project - 
  
gluLookAt — define a viewing transformation

Parameters

eyeX, eyeY, eyeZ

    Specifies the position of the eye point. 
centerX, centerY, centerZ

    Specifies the position of the reference point. 
upX, upY, upZ

    Specifies the direction of the up vector. 
---------------------------------------------------
glutWireCube - render a solid or wireframe cube

ARGUMENTS

       size      Length of each edge.
---------------------------------------------------
glutReshapeFunc - sets the reshape callback for the current window.

void glutReshapeFunc(void (*func)(int width, int height));

 Description

glutReshapeFunc sets the reshape callback for the current window. The reshape callback is triggered when a window is reshaped. A reshape callback is also triggered immediately before a window's first display callback after a window is created or whenever an overlay for the window is established. The width and height parameters of the callback specify the new window size in pixels. Before the callback, the current window is set to the window that has been reshaped. 
---------------------------------------------------
glViewport — set the viewport
Parameters

x, y

    Specify the lower left corner of the viewport rectangle, in pixels. The initial value is (0,0). 
width, height

    Specify the width and height of the viewport. When a GL context is first attached to a window, width and height are set to the dimensions of that window. 
 ---------------------------------------------------
 gluPerspective — set up a perspective projection matrix
 
 Parameters

fovy

    Specifies the field of view angle, in degrees, in the y direction. 
aspect

    Specifies the aspect ratio that determines the field of view in the x direction. The aspect ratio is the ratio of x (width) to y (height). 
zNear

    Specifies the distance from the viewer to the near clipping plane (always positive). 
zFar

    Specifies the distance from the viewer to the far clipping plane (always positive). 
    
   Description

gluPerspective specifies a viewing frustum into the world coordinate system. In general, the aspect ratio in gluPerspective should match the aspect ratio of the associated viewport. For example, aspect = 2.0 means the viewer's angle of view is twice as wide in x as it is in y. If the viewport is twice as wide as it is tall, it displays the image without distortion.

The matrix generated by gluPerspective is multiplied by the current matrix, just as if glMultMatrix were called with the generated matrix. To load the perspective matrix onto the current matrix stack instead, precede the call to gluPerspective with a call to glLoadIdentity. 
